Welcome to the walkthrough guide for the Pre-Dinner Prep Simulation.
In this video, we'll show you how to complete the simulation step-by-step.
When you start the simulation, you'll be asked to enter your name.
Hover your mouse over the text input box until you see the text cursor.
Press the Delete key to clear the textbox, then type your name.
Click the OK button to confirm.
After entering your name, you'll see the BASIC CONTROLS screen.
This screen provides an overview of how to move around and interact with the environment.
Click the CLOSE button to close the menu.
If you ever need to see this menu again, simply press the Escape key and then click the CONTROLS menu option.
As the simulation starts, your character mentions that friends are coming over, and there's a to-do list on the fridge.
Navigate to the fridge and click the to-do list.
You can complete the tasks in any order, but we'll follow the sequential order shown on the list.
Click the CLOSE button when you're done reviewing the tasks.
If you forget what to do, you can always view the list again at any time.
To clean up the trash, first walk to the sink.
Click the cabinet to open it and then click on the trash bag.
Pick up all the trash in the living room and the bedroom.
The order doesn't matter.
When you're done, go to the garage.
Click the trash can, then select the trash bag from your inventory and click the trash can again to throw it away.
To fix the couch cushions, walk to the couch in the living room and click the couch.
To fix the TV, walk to the TV in the living room and click on the TV.
To assemble the dining table, walk to the garage and pick up a cross-tip screwdriver from the tool board.
Next, click the dining table box on the floor.
Pick up the box of screws, surface plates, and table legs to add them to your inventory.
Review the instruction manual for assembly instructions.
Click the CLOSE button to close the manual.
You can review the manual anytime if you need help.
Next, click the table and select the surface plates, then click the table to place them.
Click the table again and select the screws from your inventory, then click the table to place them.
Click the table once more and select the cross-tip screwdriver, then click the table to tighten the screws.
Finally, click the table and select the table legs, then click the table to screw the legs in place.
Once all tasks are completed, navigate to the front door.
Click the door and select the "Welcome my guests" option.
You'll be taken to a summary screen that explains the actions you've performed.
I hope you enjoy playing and exploring the environment.
Feel free to interact with other objects and discover more about the simulation!